DOCSP-59346 Connection Option Template (#158)
10gen/docs-shared: dbx/connection-options/directConnection.rst

Specifies whether to force dispatch **all** operations to the host.
If you specify this option, the driver doesn't accept the
SRV connection format. You must use the standard connection URI format
instead. To learn more about the SRV connection

> and the standard connection formats, see the :manual:`Connection Strings </reference/connection-string/>`

Reviewer: [q] Are we still planning to move :manual: links to :ref:?
```suggestion
and the standard connection formats, see the :ref:`Connection Strings <mongodb-uri>`
```

Reviewer: If so, applies to all.

Author: Thanks, replaced all :manuals: links!
